Clean up frontmatters, add handlebars-templating and fix some bugs (#3456)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: README.md

You'll now be able to browse the docs at [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/). Your browser will reflect any changes to pages in dkp almost immediately.

# A short intro:

## Markdown with frontmatter

We assume that you already know how to use markdown. You may want to reach out in #documentation and ask for some up to date resources in case you want to learn (more) about it.

Our markdown comes along with metadata - also called "frontmatter". Here are all the special variables that you might want to set in a pages' frontmatter:

- **excerpt**: presented below the title at the top of the content page, sometimes used in topic cards
- **layout**: this determines the template you need, defaults to `layout.pug` (the standard content-page-layout).
- **menuWeight**: determines ordering in the navigation structure, all numerical values except -1 accepted and sorted.
- **navigationTitle**: short title that shows up in navigation bar on the left.
- **title**: shows up at top of the page

----------

> * **beta: true** - adds an beta label to a page's titel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **beta: true** - When this value is **true** a beta label is added to the page title.
```

> * **experimental: true** - adds an experimental label to a page's titel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **experimental: true** - When this value is **true** an experimental label is added to the page title.
```

## URL-structure

> The directory-tree withing `/pages` resembles the URL-structure of the final build. A pages' content **MUST** be in an `index.md`-file within the according directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The directory-tree in `/pages` resembles the URL-structure of the final build. A pages' content **MUST** be in an `index.md`file in the respective directory.
```

> In short: `/pages/some/directory/index.md` will be available at `docs.d2iq.com/some/directory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `/pages/some/directory/index.md` is located at `docs.d2iq.com/some/directory`.
```
